add technical committee (#29)
bids-standard/bids-extensions: docs/guide.md

   [bids-discussion mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bids-discussion)
   and ask for comments.

9. Incorporate the feedback and strive for consensus. This may involve

>    multiple iterations of the draft. If alternative proposals are made among members and no consensus is reached, you can ask the technical committe to take a decision (BIDS steering group + maintainers).

Reviewer: OK with the rule that steering group and maintainer help with the decision making but 
I am going to be annoying. Isn't it easier to to just say:

> you can ask the BIDS steering group and maintainers to to take a decision

than introducing a new "name" that appears no where else (OK I may be wrong on this one) and then define it

we already suffer from "jargonitis", I don't think we need more terms. 😜

Author: that's how 'people' referred to it but yes I agree -- shouldn't be the advisory group instead?

Reviewer: "advisory group" in the governance is composed of the ex-BEP leaders (leaders of the BEP that were merged) so that name is taken

Signed: pedantic Rémi. 😉

Reviewer 2: Let's try to avoid coming up with a new term ATM and make it explicit:

```suggestion
   multiple iterations of the draft. 
   If alternative proposals are made among members and no consensus is reached, you can ask the joint of BIDS steering group and BIDS maintainers group to make a decision.
```

? Longer term (more proper?): Looking at https://bids.neuroimaging.io/governance.html#3-leadership-structure
![image](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-extensions/assets/39889/9567193f-5405-448e-9260-2716968a6f6d)
we
- talk in terms of "Groups", not committees
- we could introduce some "Arbitrage Group" or "Technical Resolution Group" as dashed rectangle over "Steering" and "Maintainers" Groups there. 

What would be the contact point -- just a joint of the two groups somehow, but how -- an issue with `@bids-standard/steering` and `@bids-standard/maintainers`  ? or we should not bother describing that ?

Author: I'm happy whatever -- but if we can avoid a new name, it's better ... 'add-hoc arbitrage group from the steering and maintainer groups' ?

Reviewer 2: something like that. May be quantify it as `ad-hoc arbitrage group which must contain at least 50% of representatives from the steering and 50% of representatives from maintainer groups` ?

> 9. Incorporate the feedback and strive for consensus. This may involve
>    multiple iterations of the draft. If alternative proposals are made among members and no consensus is reached, you can ask the technical committe to take a decision (BIDS steering group + maintainers).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
9. Incorporate the feedback and strive for consensus.
  This may involve multiple iterations of the draft.
  If alternative proposals are made among members and no consensus is reached, the BEP Working Group can ask the technical committee (BIDS steering group + maintainers) to make a decision.
```

- Please use semantic line breaks
- Typos
- Who is intended to trigger this mechanism? The BEP working group? (before the discussion of who makes the decision)
- How it is decided that *no consensus is reached*? For how long must the conversation be open to allow feedback to come in?
- How will BIDS make discussions accessible to minorities and community members who cannot attend BEP organization calls (e.g., because of time zone) or in-person workshops (because only *representative members of the community* are invited or because of lack of resources or ethical traveling restrictions)?

Reviewer 2: +1 on semantic libe breaks and not typos (we have codespell bolted on, don't we ?) ;)

for the rest let's try  with a tune up to your suggestion

```suggestion
9. Incorporate the feedback and strive for consensus.
  This may involve multiple iterations of the draft.
  If alternative proposals are made among members and no consensus is reached by BEP leads, a BEP lead can ask BIDS steering group to compose an ad-hoc decision group (consisting of at least 50% of members from each of the Steering and Maintainers groups) to review the case and to make a decision.
```

while omitting any temporal considerations: IMHO would be too much at this point/in general.
Delegating responsibility to BEP leads IMHO addresses concerns about other BEP members and their availability.

Reviewer 4: > we have codespell bolted on, don't we ?

on the bids-specification repository, yes. On this repo we don't have any CIs switched on (yet).

Reviewer: I can take care of that if you want.

Reviewer: minimal formatting, spell check now implemented via pre-commit, codespell, pre-commit ci
